---
layout: post
title: "Timothy C. May: From Anarchy to Welfarism"
author: author:
- Timothy C. May
- Deryk Makgill
permalink: may
---

## Anarchy


#### [1994-08-04 - Voluntary Governments?](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1994/08/fc01c984d43ada4687235051e6d69833ce302f3ba7531a53022c64a3285cd255/)

>Without the legal monopoly on coercion, this so-called "government" would
be just another service provider, like Safeway or Goodyear or K-Mart.
Economies of scale work against a large, slow-moving bureaucracy, so the
so-called goverment would devolve quickly into multiple small pieces.
>
>This is the "anarcho-capitalism" many of us argue for, so I won't argue
against it here. I just wouldn't call it "the government" anymore. As soon
as "the government" gives up its use of force, allows competitors in all
areas, and is run by donations or fees, it is no longer "the government."
{:.may}

## Anonymity

#### [1994-08-26 - Cash, cheaters, and anonymity](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1994/08/6e7fdd5762cb3100363962b5602e4cb0ad2d9717de2293ad5db67eeabac5d765/)

>On-line clearing has the possible danger implicit in all trades that Alice
will hand over the money, Bob will verify that it has cleared into his
account (in older terms, Bob would await word that his Swiss bank account
has just been credited), and then Bob will fail to complete his end of the
bargain. If the transaction is truly anonymous, over computer lines, then
of course Bob just hangs up his modem and the connection is broken. This
situation is as old as time, and has always involved protcols in which
trust, repeat business, etc., are factors. Or escrow agents."
{:.may}

## Assination Markets

#### [1994-08-26 - Cash, cheaters, and anonymity](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1994/08/6e7fdd5762cb3100363962b5602e4cb0ad2d9717de2293ad5db67eeabac5d765/)

"Here's how escrow makes murder contracts
much safer than they are today to negotiate. Instead of one party being
caught in an FBI sting, as is so often the case when amateurs try to
arrange hits, they can use an escrow service to insulate themselves from:

1. From being traced, because the exchanges are handled via pseudonyms

2. From the killer taking the money and then not performing the hit,
because the escrow agent holds the money until the murder is verified
(according to some prototocol, such a newspaper report...again, an area for
more work, thankfully).

3. From being arrested when the money is picked up, as this is all done via
digital cash.

There are some ways to reduce the popularity of this Murder, Incorporated
system."
{:.may}

## Bitcoin 

#### [Enough with the ICO-Me-So-Horny-Get-Rich-Quick-Lambo Crypto](https://www.coindesk.com/enough-with-the-ico-me-so-horny-get-rich-quick-lambo-crypto)

"I can’t speak for what Satoshi intended, but I sure don’t think it involved bitcoin exchanges that have draconian rules about KYC, AML, passports, freezes on accounts and laws about reporting “suspicious activity” to the local secret police. There’s a real possibility that all the noise about “governance,” “regulation” and “blockchain” will effectively create a surveillance state, a dossier society."
{:.may}

#### [Enough with the ICO-Me-So-Horny-Get-Rich-Quick-Lambo Crypto](https://www.coindesk.com/enough-with-the-ico-me-so-horny-get-rich-quick-lambo-crypto)

"The excitement about bitcoin was mostly about bypassing controls, to enable exotic new uses like Silk Road. It was some cool and edgy stuff, not just another PayPal." 
{:.may}

#### [Enough with the ICO-Me-So-Horny-Get-Rich-Quick-Lambo Crypto](https://www.coindesk.com/enough-with-the-ico-me-so-horny-get-rich-quick-lambo-crypto)

"Sending bitcoin...is equivalent to “saying” a number. To ban saying a number is equivalent to a ban on some speech." 
{:.may}

#### [Enough with the ICO-Me-So-Horny-Get-Rich-Quick-Lambo Crypto](https://www.coindesk.com/enough-with-the-ico-me-so-horny-get-rich-quick-lambo-crypto)

"The people I hear about who are reportedly transferring “interesting” amounts of money are using basic forms of bitcoin or bitcoin cash, not exotics new things like Lightning, Avalanche, or the 30 to 100 other things." 
{:.may}

#### [Enough with the ICO-Me-So-Horny-Get-Rich-Quick-Lambo Crypto](https://www.coindesk.com/enough-with-the-ico-me-so-horny-get-rich-quick-lambo-crypto)

"I still think cryptocurrency is too complicated…coins, forks, sharding, off-chain networks, DAGs, proof-of-work vs. proof-of-stake, the average person cannot plausibly follow all of this. What use cases, really? There’s talk about the eventual replacement of the banking system, or credit cards, PayPal, etc. is nice, but what does it do NOW?
{:.may}

#### [Enough with the ICO-Me-So-Horny-Get-Rich-Quick-Lambo Crypto](https://www.coindesk.com/enough-with-the-ico-me-so-horny-get-rich-quick-lambo-crypto)

"The most compelling cases I hear about are when someone transfers money to a party that has been blocked by PayPal, Visa (etc), or banks and wire transfers. The rest is hype, evangelizing, HODL, get-rich lambo garbage."
{:.may}

## Books

#### [1992-11-24 - Scenario for a Ban on Cash Transactions](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1992/11/072cd11b2499e62e64050cdeb80730782b5643b03534646e2adae32d37744dd6/)

"Reread John Brunner's amazingly prescient "Shockwave Rider" for some
visions of a fully-computerized society."
{:.may}


#### [1994-08-04 - Voluntary Governments?](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1994/08/fc01c984d43ada4687235051e6d69833ce302f3ba7531a53022c64a3285cd255/)

I promised to mention "private produced law," or PPL. This is the notion
of multiple, competing legal systems. A fictional treatment of this can be
found in Neal Stephenson's novel "Snow Crash," and a more scholarly
treatment can be found in David Friedman's "The Machinery of Freedom" and
in Bruce Benson's "The Enterprise of Law.
{:.may}

#### [1997-06-25 - Novel Recommendation: “Black Cipher”](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1997/06/6ce26ebceef24b1f31293a4caebb1662a550623a1a14d17980f2cb53ff633000/)

I just read a fine novel, a "crypto-thriller," called "Black Cipher."
Payne Harrison, 1994. It was being remaindered at SuperCrown in hardback
for $4.99. I assume it may be out in paperback by now.

It's about a British-Pakistani cryptanalyst named Faisal Shaikh, the top
cryptanalyst at GCHQ, Cheltenham. He stumbles across a cipher he's never
seen before, using 7 letter code groups, and sets out to crack it. The
portrait of how he works, how he applies math and tricks ("cribs") to make
the cipher more amenable to computer analysis is wonderful.

Several weeks ago I recommended Joseph Finder's "The Zero Hour," which
also had some crypto in it. This is even better, both as a novel and in
terms of the amount of crypto and cryptanalysis portrayed. 
{:.may}


## Borders

#### [1995-09-21 - RE: AN OPPORTUNITY NOT TO BE MISSED](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1995/09/f810436dd7015339d4ab59c3f5380e8582e1bd8300fd3ca471d899df97f53e15/)

"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."
{:.may}

## Cash

#### [1992-11-24 - Scenario for a Ban on Cash Transactions](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1992/11/072cd11b2499e62e64050cdeb80730782b5643b03534646e2adae32d37744dd6/)

"The recent discussions about black markets, loss of tax revenues, and
restrictions on the use of encryption lead me to speculate that moves
may be afoot to ban or severely restrict the use of cash.

Such talk of a "cashless society" comes up periodically, with some
taking a religious/conspiratorial view (electronic bank accounts
tatooed on our foreheads, fulfilling the "mark of the Beast" prophecy)
and others talking about how the "international bankers" have already
selected a system (to be implemented in a national emergency, perhaps
an Emergency Order following a series of bank collapses)."
{:.may}

#### [1992-11-24 - Scenario for a Ban on Cash Transactions](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1992/11/072cd11b2499e62e64050cdeb80730782b5643b03534646e2adae32d37744dd6/)

"The failing "War on
Drugs" has already been used to justify many serious abridgements of
basic rights; applying the same logic to creating a cashless society
seems to be the next step."
{:.may}

#### [1992-11-24 - Scenario for a Ban on Cash Transactions](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1992/11/072cd11b2499e62e64050cdeb80730782b5643b03534646e2adae32d37744dd6/)

If the government controls and sets the protocols for electronic
money, this gives them de facto control over encryption systems and
protocols.  Use of non-approved protocols may be considered ipso facto
proof of money laundering, black marketeering, and tax evasion.
{:.may}

#### [1992-11-24 - Scenario for a Ban on Cash Transactions](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1992/11/072cd11b2499e62e64050cdeb80730782b5643b03534646e2adae32d37744dd6/)

"It has long been clear to me that the future of money lies in
electronic form, cryptographically protected. The prolific use of
credit cards for mail-order purchases points to the need for a purely
electronic form of usable money, as do systems like AMIX (which uses
VISA-type credits and debits). The issue is who creates this system,
and what controls exist.

It seems unlikely that the U.S. government will allow "competing
currencies" (one form of digital money, and arguably what we already
have with various tradable financial instruments, which rise and fall
in value depending on various forces) to spring into being, at least
not in forms that are truly like cash."
{:.may}

#### [1992-11-24 - Scenario for a Ban on Cash Transactions](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1992/11/072cd11b2499e62e64050cdeb80730782b5643b03534646e2adae32d37744dd6/)

"If the government creates this cashless society, then the government
will have unprecedented control over nearly all aspects of our lives.
All transactions, no matter how trivial, will be recorded, stored, and
subject to analysis. A complete audit trail of all purchases, food
preferences, entertainment choices, liasons with others, etc., will
exist. This is the concern David Chaum has eloquently raised, and
which he has been dealing with (partially) with his digital money and
untraceable transactions systems.

Furthermore, transactions which are deemed to be politically
incorrect, and there are dozens of obvious examples to choose from,
can be _outlawed_ by the mere typing of a few lines of instructions into
the appropriate data bases. (For example, someone arrested for DUI
tries to buy some beer..."Your transaction cannot be completed. Have a
nice day."  appears on the cash register. Or a pregnant woman--and
under Clinton's computerized health care system this will all be
known--tries to buy some cigarettes....)"
{:.may}

#### [1992-11-24 - Scenario for a Ban on Cash Transactions](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1992/11/072cd11b2499e62e64050cdeb80730782b5643b03534646e2adae32d37744dd6/)

"This trend toward a cashless society, controlled by the government,
represents the greatest threat to our libery and our future I can
imagine.

We need to start planning to head this off. Those interested in
"crypto anarchy" as one technological solution are encourage to get in
touch with me.

Make no mistake, a government-run cashless society will be worse that
Orwell's worst."
{:.may}

## Censorship

#### [1997-02-17 - Threats of Legal Action and C2Net/Stronghold Issue](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1997/02/e3ea1a9f3ee0ec3c622e58110be203d054443f234249b5468d76d7251ca44502/)

>"Sunlight is the best disinfectant, as a Supreme Court justice averred. And
suppression is a breeding ground for all sorts of bacteria, fungi, and ugly
growth, as a less articulate person said."
{:.may}

## Credentials

#### [1994-08-26 - Cash, cheaters, and anonymity](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1994/08/6e7fdd5762cb3100363962b5602e4cb0ad2d9717de2293ad5db67eeabac5d765/)

"Ask yourself why credentials are
_ever_ needed. Maybe for driving a car, and the like, but in those cases
anonymity is not needed, as the person is in the car, etc.

Credentials for drinking age? Why? Let the parents enforce this, as the
argument goes about watching sex and violence on t.v. (If one accepts the
logic of requiring bars to enforce children's behavior, then one is on a
slippery slope toward requiring television set makers to check smartcards
of viewers, or of requiring a license to access the Internet, etc.)

In almost no cases do I see the need to carry "papers" with me. Maybe a
driver's license, like I said. In other areas, why?"
{:.may}



## Cypherpunks

#### [1993-10-09 - Re: Safe and fun environment?](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1993/10/a1934717cfda007cf90bac79ed0548170f562ad099881014f13b5adcf0301dda/)

"The _movement_ belongs to what gets written and what gets responded
to. In other words, if you want to be listened to, you have to get
people's attention by the quality of your arguments."
{:.may}

#### [1993-10-09 - Re: Safe and fun environment?](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1993/10/a1934717cfda007cf90bac79ed0548170f562ad099881014f13b5adcf0301dda/)

"The list is like a party at someone's home. The will of the herd is
not the will of the organizers.

Nor is the Cypherpunks agenda all that clear. I, for example, want to
see strong crypto deployed in ways very different than what others
favor. Are we to take a majority vote on an agenda, a charter?

It's better to just leave the agenda loose and unwritten, so as not to
have to grapple with this collision of goals. We can all pretend the
agenda is what we favor."
{:.may}

#### [1994-08-04 - Voluntary Governments?](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1994/08/fc01c984d43ada4687235051e6d69833ce302f3ba7531a53022c64a3285cd255/)

"The issues of taxation, government, anarchy, and
cyberspatial institutions are important topics for a list like
"Cypherpunks." If the *beliefs* are not to be talked about, but only code
is to be written, then _what_ code? Code that helps ensure tax compliance?
Code that helps government control "cyberspace criminals"? We've seen
recent discussions about religion, the need for values, etc. Many of us are
opposed to the specific views raised, but since there is no "official party
line," the way we work on these issues is through discussion. Besides, any
arguments people actually type in themselves are worth at least deciding
whether to read them or not....I'll change my opinion if completely
off-topic posts on topics like abortion, the purported need for national
health care, and the war in Bosnia begin to dominate the discussion. Until
then..."
{:.may}

#### [1997-02-13 - Keep it Simple and the Cypherpunk Way](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1997/02/4237940dbb537242686c30be9bc549f2ec751e342607cc0c8b75ad30138c82a8/)

>"A moderation scheme--except perhaps those run very tightly a la Peter
Neumann's RISKS list--almost always bogs down into debates about the
moderation criteria, the acceptability of certain posts, and so on. Now we
see another effect: multiple lists and a confusing array of cross-posts,
mail-to-News gateways, News-to-mail gateways, etc.
>
>The "Cypherpunks Way" is to encourage and empower people to filter their
own stuff, or to hire outside contractors to do it for them. Failing that,
to let them twist slowly in the wind. "Think of it as evolution in action."
>
>The Cypherpunks Way is also the simplest system."
{:.may}

## Code

#### [Enough with the ICO-Me-So-Horny-Get-Rich-Quick-Lambo Crypto](https://www.coindesk.com/enough-with-the-ico-me-so-horny-get-rich-quick-lambo-crypto)

"Slogans like “the code is the law” are mainly aspirational, not actually true." 
{:.may}

## Digital Cash

#### [1994-08-26 - Cash, cheaters, and anonymity](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1994/08/6e7fdd5762cb3100363962b5602e4cb0ad2d9717de2293ad5db67eeabac5d765/)

"I see digital cash as *claims* on
accounts in existing money-holding places, typically banks. There are all
kinds of "claims"--Eric Hughes has regaled us with tales of his
explorations of the world of commericial paper. My use of the term "claim"
here is of the "You present the right number, you get access" kind. Like
the combination to a safe."
{:.may}

#### [1994-08-26 - Cash, cheaters, and anonymity](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1994/08/6e7fdd5762cb3100363962b5602e4cb0ad2d9717de2293ad5db67eeabac5d765/)f

"I want to make the case for why
on-line clearing is the One True Digital Cash.

Conceptually, the guiding principle idea is simple: he who gets to the
train locker where the cash is stored *first* gets the cash. There can
never be "double spending," only people who get to the locker and find no
cash inside. Chaumian blinding allows the "train locker" (e.g., Credit
Suisse) to give the money to the entity making the claim without knowing
how the number correlates to previous numbers they "sold" to other
entities. Anonymity is preserved, absolutely. 

Once the "handshaking" of on-line clearing is accepted, based on the "first
to the money gets it" principle, then networks of such clearinghouses can
thrive, as each is confident about clearing."
{:.may}


#### [1994-08-26 - Cash, cheaters, and anonymity](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1994/08/6e7fdd5762cb3100363962b5602e4cb0ad2d9717de2293ad5db67eeabac5d765/)

"It is true that Chaum went to great lengths to develop system which
preserve anonymity for single-spending instances, but which break anonymity
and thus reveal identity for double-spending instances. I'm not sure what
market forces caused him to think about this as being so important, but it
creates many headaches. Besides being clumsy, it require physical ID, it
invokes a legal system to try to collect from "double spenders," and it
admits the extremely serious breach of privacy by enabling stings. For
example, Alice pays Bob a unit of money, then quickly Alice spends that
money before Bob can...Bob is then revealed as a "double spender," and his
identity revealed to whomver wanted it...Alice, IRS, Gestapo, etc. A very
broken idea. Acceptable mainly for small transactions."
{:.may}

#### [1994-08-26 - Cash, cheaters, and anonymity](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1994/08/6e7fdd5762cb3100363962b5602e4cb0ad2d9717de2293ad5db67eeabac5d765/)


"Danger! Danger! Danger! Any such system, that relies on physical IDs is
substantially less private that banks today in many countries, and is not
at all what I would call "digital cash."

On-line clearing makes this unnecessary."
{:.may}

## Emmigration

#### [1996-09-18 - The Expat Tax Is Law - The Door Is Now Closed!](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1996/09/376fce5d224f4db351a12c7e81abe0931667fc137c73be2c73615702a1b8de5e/)

>The imposition of draconian taxation policies effectively says that the
U.S. is now doing what the Soviet Union did to emigrants: demand that they
"pay back" various costs the government claimed they had incurred. Here,
the U.S. is telling would-be expats that they cannot take their property
with them, that they must effectively "escrow" (there's that horrid word
again) their assets in a form and place that the tax collector can access,
even if they no longer live in the United States and no longer use
services, and even if they had paid their full taxes on income while they
_were_  in the U.S.
>
>It makes me want to just put my stock certificates in my luggage and just
drive on down to Mexico and cross the border (no border checks) and go
from there to some safer haven.
>
>(However, I imagine the Feds can effectively block sales of my stock--the
stock is still formally only an accounting entry, as stock certificates
are not "bearer instruments." I could probably relocate to a foreign haven
and sell the assets before the IRS would even notice...unless they
computerize. I suspect this is coming.)
{:.may}

## Escrow


#### [1994-08-26 - Cash, cheaters, and anonymity](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1994/08/6e7fdd5762cb3100363962b5602e4cb0ad2d9717de2293ad5db67eeabac5d765/)


"Alice and Bob want to conduct a transaction. Neither trusts the other;
indeed, they are unknown to each other. In steps "Esther's Escrow Service."
She is _also utraceable_, but has established a digitally-signed presence
and a good reputation for fairness. Her business is in being an escrow
agent, like a bonding agency, not in "burning" either party. (The math of
this is interesting: as long as the profits to be gained from any small set
of transactions is less than her "reputation capital," it is in her
interest to forego the profits from burning and be honest. It is also
possible to arrange that Esther cannot profit from burning either Alice or
Bob or both of them, e.g., by suitably encrypting the escrowed stuff.)

Alice can put her part of the transaction into escrow with Esther, Bob can
do the same, and then Esther can release the items to the parties when
conditions are met, when both parties agree, when adjudication of some sort
occurs, etc. (There a dozen issues here, of course, about how disputes are
settled, about how parties satisfy themselves that Esther has the items she
says she has, etc.)"
{:.may}

## Forgery

#### [1998-05-14 - Re: “… would cause us to look at this person as a threat”](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1998/05/4b97eac0e00b434f40e681151cd8ab1338811104c62bd7e6cc03b3b54e2b23db/)

"If you check the CypherPunks archives, you will find that a Great
American and True CypherPunk with a humungous schlong once sent a
post to the list, titled, ["Forgeries are your Friend."](http://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1997/05/82fd64b49bc6c86ed5624c55d56fb3be3d7ed4a7af1d7733a45a95a2621f3573/)
Think about it..."
{:.may}

## Government

#### [1994-08-04 - Voluntary Governments?](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1994/08/fc01c984d43ada4687235051e6d69833ce302f3ba7531a53022c64a3285cd255/)

"Jason Solinsky and Mike Duvos argue for a kind of voluntary,
donation-supported, non-coercive, service-providing government, funded
voluntarily by citizens who presumably think they are getting their money's
worth.

Well, this is first of all a *very nonstandard* interpretation of
"government"...

I'm skeptical that governments would give up their current use of coercion,
or threat of coercion (the fallback position that gives their various
edicts more teeth than, for example, my edicts or your edicts). I'm even
more skeptical that the current bloated state could be funded by the small
fraction of the population that--in my opinion--would make donations."
{:.may}

#### [1994-08-04 - Voluntary Governments?](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1994/08/fc01c984d43ada4687235051e6d69833ce302f3ba7531a53022c64a3285cd255/)

"I have a problem with the whole notion of calling a voluntary,
self-selected, market-driven system a "government" of any kind. Yes, it is
something people may voluntarily join, but so are country clubs, book
reading groups, and mailing lists. And the decision to shop at Safeway one
day is a temporary joining of such an instantiated group. But these things
ain't governments!

This is not just semantic quibbling. If we say that such groups are
voluntary, but can vote on "rules" or "laws" which all must follow, then
the voluntary nature means people can freely leave, can choose not to abide
by the rules, etc. Hence the rules are toothless.

There *are* forms of organization in which bad behavior has implications,
such as banishment, shunning, etc. But this is true of the country club, or
this mailing list...acting like a bozo has implications. Some might call
these governments of a sort, but I don't. (Iceland in the Midle Ages is
often cited as such a thing, Cf. Friedman.)

But it is simply poor strategy as well as being poor semantics to label the
voluntary social and economic interactions as being some kind of
"government." Call them what they are: market interactions, agoric systems,
or voluntary associations. Normal life is like this...families, girlfriends
and boyfriends, freedom to associate as one pleases, free markets, anarchy
in book and music selection, etc.

And these systems work pretty well--or at least a lot better than the
corruptions and absurdities of government-run programs. They don't require
that people be "good," only that people understand the consequences of
their actions, the value of a good reputation, and the punishment that will
be meted out to the few who nevertheless transgress against a few basic
rules.

(I mention the need for violence because without some punishment, or
removal by some affordable means, the "wolves" proliferate. To make this
less abstract: no laws except for a very few laws about murder, theft,
rape, etc. Enforce those laws ruthlessly, and the wolf population is kept
in check. a fedback mechanism suppresses wolf formation. Ignore these laws,
delay justice, and proliferate thousands of economic and social laws--such
as the "dietary laws" also known as drug laws--and the wolf population will
proliferate. A feedback mechanism that encourages more wolves to form Look
at inner cities. Look at South-Central L.A.) (No offense meant to wolves or
other predators here.)

And these systems don't have to wait for implementation at some future time
in cyberspace....they already exist all around us.

Just don't call them governments, because they ain't."
{:.may}

#### [1994-08-04 - Voluntary Governments?](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1994/08/fc01c984d43ada4687235051e6d69833ce302f3ba7531a53022c64a3285cd255/)

"Why doth governments never prosper? For if governments doth prosper,none
dare call it government."
{:.may}

#### [1994-08-04 - Voluntary Governments?](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1994/08/fc01c984d43ada4687235051e6d69833ce302f3ba7531a53022c64a3285cd255/)

"I view governments as protection rackets. The last thing we need is a
bidding war between various sides in a dispute."
{:.may}

## Law

#### [Enough with the ICO-Me-So-Horny-Get-Rich-Quick-Lambo Crypto](https://www.coindesk.com/enough-with-the-ico-me-so-horny-get-rich-quick-lambo-crypto)

"Mathematics is not the law." 
{:.may}

#### [1997-06-12 - Photo ID is not needed for key signings…](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1997/06/52e9778ce64f15f0a1387aa326fc7d361b46d02186f35d5baf606d5a75b18a62/)

"There's something wrong when I'm a felon under an increasing number of laws."
{:.may}

#### [1997-05-01 - SAFE Bill is a Disaster–“Use a cipher, go to prison”](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1997/05/be751b2cf978e0c363b0101d3355ed622eee5130bd22cc7b2224c887497563cf/)

>"Passing laws with flaws is worse than
doing nothing, than just relying on the good old Constitution for our
rights."
{:.may}

## PGP

#### [1997-06-12 - Photo ID is not needed for key signings…](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1997/06/52e9778ce64f15f0a1387aa326fc7d361b46d02186f35d5baf606d5a75b18a62/)

"I view a keysigning as saying that the person I know as "Lucky Green" is
asking me to sign the key he presents as his key, not whether Missouri
issued him a driver's license in that name, nor whether the company he
worked for in Munich issued him a photo ID under than name.

This is what the "web of trust" is all about.  It is _not_ about True Names
as proved by photo IDs." 
{:.may}

#### [1997-06-12 - Photo ID is not needed for key signings…](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1997/06/52e9778ce64f15f0a1387aa326fc7d361b46d02186f35d5baf606d5a75b18a62/)

"Only one response to the key grabbers is warranted: "Death to Tyrants!"
{:.may}

#### [1994-08-26 - Cash, cheaters, and anonymity](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1994/08/6e7fdd5762cb3100363962b5602e4cb0ad2d9717de2293ad5db67eeabac5d765/)

**"The purist approach: you *are* your key. If another biological unit
obtains your key, he or she is effectively you. Guard your key carefully.

**The modern American "excuse" approach: Hey, if you want to disavow a
contract, like, just claim your key was stolen or, like, you lost it.

I understand the reasoning behind adopting a more intermediate stance, but
I think that only the purist stance will hold water in the long run.(A hint
of this: untraceable cash means, for most transactions of interest with
digital cash, that once the crypto stuff has been handled, whether the sig
was stolen or not is moot, because the money is gone...no court can rule
that the sig was invalid and then retrieve the cash!)"
{:.may}

## Remailers

#### [1997-05-21 - Re: Anonymous remailers: A call to arms wanted](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1997/05/8ee8ed30963de54439e91e7d96a894b56842f3565c40066feb85190c63cd14d3/)

Anonymous remailers protect speakers from retaliation. The Founders used
anonymity, as the pseudonymous writings in the Federalist Papers show.

Granted, some anonymous posts are drivel, some are even illegal.

So?

The government is attempting to get anonymous remailers shut down, is
proposing restrictions on strong cryptography, and is trying to make it
look as though anyone supporting these things is a kind of right-wing
militia member crazy.

If you don't _like_ something, some opinion, either ignore it or write a
rebuttal. But don't play their game by saying there's something basically
_wrong_ with anonymous remailers.
{:.may}


## Tyranny

#### [1998-05-14 - Re: “… would cause us to look at this person as a threat”](http://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1998/05/4b97eac0e00b434f40e681151cd8ab1338811104c62bd7e6cc03b3b54e2b23db/)

"The tree of tyranny must be watered periodically with the piss of citizens..." 
{:.may}

## Voting

#### [1994-08-04 - Voluntary Governments?](https://mailing-list-archive.cryptoanarchy.wiki/archive/1994/08/fc01c984d43ada4687235051e6d69833ce302f3ba7531a53022c64a3285cd255/)

"Imagine if they tied decision making power to
how much you pay in taxes" was tried a while back: only tax-payers could
vote. I'm all in favor of this, but I doubt many of my fellow citizens are."
